Incident management process first draft (#17)
operate-first/SRE: process/incident_management.md

# Incident Management Process

## Introduction
The goal of this page is to document the incident management process.

It aims at formalizing the roles of the different actors while working on a **major** incident, as well as describing the high level course of actions and mandatory steps that need to be taken to minimize MTTR (=Mean Time To Recover/Repair, so ensuring quick recovery of our services) and proper customer communication and satisfaction throughout the process.

There can be multiple levels of severity for an incident depending on the impact it has. The process below would be used when the incident is considered to be a major incident. When the incident is a minor one then a lightweight ad-hoc process can be used. The goal being to make sure not to make the process too heavy for small incidents.

A major outage can be defined when our platform is running out of error budget or when we start failing our SLOs.

Examples of major incidents:
* Full outage or heavy degradation of one or multiple services impacting one or several customers

> * Duration of the incident is greater than 4 hours

Reviewer: Is this to account for 'slow burn' type incidents?

Reviewer 2: Also, why 4 hours in particular? In my opinion, we shouldn't hardcode any timeline here. We could just mention "long period of time"

* Multiple layers and SRE teams are impacted (platform, application, …)

Note that when a team has a path for fast recovery then they shouldn't break it to fit that process if it's not required.

## Quick reference guide
In case of a customer–impacting incident (persisting or intermittent degradation of customer–exposed functionality):

> 1. The Incident First Responder is the first SRE being alerted of the issue and starting the investigation

Reviewer: This is the first time an 'Incident First Responder' role is mentioned. Would it be helpful to add the personas/roles section above this one?

2. After initial investigation the First Responder involves the Incident Commander (by default a Region Lead but could be Team Lead or Manager) to help with the coordination of the recovery efforts
    1. First Responder opens the bridge call for that
3. The Incident Commander manages the communication and coordination around the recovery

>     1. By creating a dedicated IM channel to record the audit trail of the incident resolution.

Reviewer 2: Define "IM"

Reviewer 3: Incident Management

Reviewer 3: actually it might be Instant Messaging

    2. Post a notification in the relevant channels for external awareness.
    3. By involving the right people to help and speed up the recovery process
    4. By ensuring a good communication with first level support and the customer

> 4. The incident is recovered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. The incident is resolved
```

Reviewer 2: if you don't mean "incident is over", alternative wording is "mitigated"

Reviewer 3: recovered means that there is no impact to the service anymore but it doesn't mean that the "work" stops here (return to baseline)

5. The Incident Owner (usually the First Responder unless the Incident Commander picked someone else) is responsible for running and documenting the post mortem and root cause analysis and bring the incident to full closure.

## Incidents
An incident is an event that can occur at any time and which results in a degradation or outage of one or multiple of our services.

> An incident can be raised by a customer or directly by our monitoring and alerting systems, or directly by a member of the SRE team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An incident can be raised directly by our monitoring and alerting systems, by a member of the SRE team, or directly by a customer.
```

Depending on the impact of the incident on the services and customers it will be categorized in terms of severity.

As an SRE organization we should aim at:

* Minimizing the time it takes us to recover the service (MTTR)

> * Improve Reliability of our services: i.e. having as few incidents as possible, optimizing prevention of incidents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improve Reliability of our services: i.e.,  optimizing prevention of incidents
```
I don't believe that "having as few incidents as possible" is something actionable, it can happen anytime.

Reviewer 3: it could be rephrased by saying that we aim at lowering the impact of any incident happening

> * Having incidents with the least impact to our customers

Reviewer 2: SLOs could mentioned here as a mean to identify customer impact

* Catching incident occurrences through our automation (monitoring/alerting) before they are noticed by the customer

> * Avoiding re-occurrences of similar incidents

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add something along the lines of 'following up on the action items to drive improvements into the product/service'?

Reviewer 3: I think it's mentioned already in the responsibilities of the Incident Owner

> * Minimizing the time to detect a potential incident (MTTA)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Minimizing the time to detect a potential incident (MTTD)
```
I guess this is a typo

## Roles and Responsibilities

### Incident First Responder
Any SRE investigating a cluster issue becomes this, when they notice a **problem with a cluster or a specific application**  which:
* may be a **customer–facing cluster having an issue impacting (degradation or outage)**
* or cause **imminent major outage.**

> A major outage can be defined as one where our platform is running out of error budget and we start failing our SLOs.

Reviewer 2: This sentence also appears at the top of the document

SRE teams have the concept of an on-duty shift person who is responsible for answering to alerts and incidents while the rest of the team is focusing on engineering work. These persons will usually be First Responders. Most often a shift Primary or Secondary become First Responders while investigating ongoing cases/alerts.

#### Initial Response
Before doing any further troubleshooting, First Responder must, in order:

1. **Create a bridge.**

> 2. Using IM, **post a message in the relevant channels** with:

Reviewer: Expand 'IM'

Reviewer 2: The acronym first appears at the top of the document and yes, it should be expanded.

    * link to bridge,
    * short description of issue (which service, what’s failing),
    * your IM handle.
Only now can you continue debugging while describing the problem to people joining the bridge.

> #### 10 Minutes Later

Reviewer 2: I find this section too elaborate for a public document. We could keep this privately, and not hardcode any timelines. It's up to every team (meaning outside RH) who reads this doc to define their own escalation path

Only now can you continue debugging.

#### Comments / Reasoning
* **The First Responder Protocol is the most important part.**
* It needs to be:
  * **as short as possible** – since everybody needs to know it by heart,
  * **as simple and unambiguous as possible** – because it needs to guarantee proper bootstrapping of the full Incident Management Process even by someone who’s still in training and accidentally stumbled upon a serious issue.

### Incident Owner
* The Incident Owner is by default the First Responder
* The Incident Owner role is not handed over from one shift to the next and stays the same throughout the lifecycle of the incident unless the current owner doesn't feel confident or can't assume the role throughout the incident. In that case the role can be handed over and the handover needs to be fully documented and communicated to the wider team.
* The incident ticket is assigned to the Incident Owner

#### Responsibilities
The main responsibility of the Incident Owner is to assume the complete ownership of the incident from a technical standpoint:

* Understanding the course of the incident and its technical details from start to finish

> * Organizing and driving the PMR meeting in the 5 business days after recovery

Reviewer 2: sometimes 5 business days are not enough, IMO, there's no need to hardcode any timelines.

Reviewer 3: this is our official SD process commitments but it could be replaced in this version by X days

Questionnaire to be answered during the PMR:
* How can we protect ourselves better from such an incident?
* How can we ensure that the issue does not reoccur?
* How can we recover quicker from such an incident?
* How can we identify the issue quicker?

## Detailed process steps
This section aims at presenting the steps that need to be taken in case of a new incident.

![flow chart](resources/im_flowchart.png)

## Handoff
Some major incidents will span shift handoff between regions. When this happens:

1. Outgoing Incident Commander identifies an incoming Incident Commander
2. Incoming Incident Commander identifies an incoming Incident Tech Lead, and any Supporting SRE engineers
3. Outgoing incident personnel brief by incoming incident personnel at shift handoff. Be sure to include:
    1. Technical status of the issue
    2. List of open and eliminated hypothesis regarding root cause
    3. Time and content of the most recent customer update
    4. Communication channels in play, including: IM channel, tracking doc, conference bridge, and email thread
    5. Key support personnel / stakeholders outside SRE engaged in the incident

> Note: Outgoing team members should disengage no later than 30 minutes after their region handoff time (handoff+30).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure how realistic this is

Reviewer 2: Maybe this sentence, and the bullet points below could be converted to a Recommendation rather than a Note

# Incident Management Process

## Introduction
The goal of this page is to document the incident management process.

It aims at formalizing the roles of the different actors while working on a **major** incident, as well as describing the high level course of actions and mandatory steps that need to be taken to minimize MTTR (=Mean Time To Recover/Repair, so ensuring quick recovery of our services) and proper customer communication and satisfaction throughout the process.

There can be multiple levels of severity for an incident depending on the impact it has. The process below would be used when the incident is considered to be a major incident. When the incident is a minor one then a lightweight ad-hoc process can be used. The goal being to make sure not to make the process too heavy for small incidents.

> A major outage can be defined when our platform is running out of error budget or when we start failing our SLOs:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A major outage can be defined when our platform is running out of error budget or when we start failing our SLOs.
```

> examples of major incidents:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Examples of major incidents:
```

* Full outage or heavy degradation of one or multiple services impacting one or several customers
* Duration of the incident is greater than 4 hours
* Multiple layers and SRE teams are impacted (platform, application, …)

Note that when a team has a path for fast recovery then they shouldn't break it to fit that process if it's not required.

## Quick reference guide

> In case of customer impacting incident (persisting or intermittent degradation of customer exposed functionality)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In case of a customer–impacting incident (persisting or intermittent degradation of customer–exposed functionality):
```

1. The Incident First Responder is the first SRE being alerted of the issue and starting the investigation
2. After initial investigation the First Responder involves the Incident Commander (by default a Region Lead but could be Team Lead or Manager) to help with the coordination of the recovery efforts

>   1. First Responder opens the bridge call for that

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    1. First Responder opens the bridge call for that
```

3. The Incident Commander manages the communication and coordination around the recovery

>   1. By creating a dedicated IM channel to record the audit trail of the incident resolution.
>   2. Post a notification in the relevant channels for external awareness.
>   3. By involving the right people to help and speed up the recovery process
>   4. By ensuring a good communication with first level support and the customer

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    1. By creating a dedicated IM channel to record the audit trail of the incident resolution.
    2. Post a notification in the relevant channels for external awareness.
    3. By involving the right people to help and speed up the recovery process
    4. By ensuring a good communication with first level support and the customer
```

An incident can be raised by a customer or directly by our monitoring and alerting systems, or directly by a member of the SRE team.

Depending on the impact of the incident on the services and customers it will be categorized in terms of severity.

As an SRE organization we should aim at:

* Minimizing the time it takes us to recover the service (MTTR)
* Improve Reliability of our services: i.e. having as few incidents as possible, optimizing prevention of incidents
* Having incidents with the least impact to our customers
* Catching incident occurrences through our automation (monitoring/alerting) before they are noticed by the customer
* Avoiding re-occurrences of similar incidents
* Minimizing the time to detect a potential incident (MTTA)

## Roles and Responsibilities

### Incident First Responder
Any SRE investigating a cluster issue becomes this, when they notice a **problem with a cluster or a specific application**  which:
* may be a **customer–facing cluster having an issue impacting (degradation or outage)**
* or cause **imminent major outage.**

> A major outage can be defined when our platform is running out of error budget and we start failing our SLOs.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A major outage can be defined as one where our platform is running out of error budget and we start failing our SLOs.
```

SRE teams have the concept of an on-duty shift person who is responsible for answering to alerts and incidents while the rest of the team is focusing on engineering work. These persons will usually be First Responders. Most often a shift Primary or Secondary become First Responders while investigating ongoing cases/alerts.

#### Initial Response
Before doing any further troubleshooting, First Responder must, in order:

1. **Create a bridge.**
2. Using IM, **post a message in the relevant channels** with:
  * link to bridge,
  * short description of issue (which cluster, what’s failing),

>   * your IM handle.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    * link to bridge,
    * short description of issue (which service, what’s failing),
    * your IM handle.
```

The Incident Tech Lead is responsible to contribute to the documentation of what happened in the RCA document and help the Incident Owner (if not self) to close any gaps in the overall management of the incident

Summary:
* Is in charge of the investigation and recovery
* Role is handed over from one shift to the other until full resolution
* Helps the Incident Owner document the RCA and PMR Action Items.

### Supporting SRE / Parallel Investigator
A parallel investigator is someone who will be involved hands-on in investigating and helping the fast recovery of the incident.
A parallel investigator will get involved either by the Incident Commander or by any other members of the IM channel.

#### Responsibilities
The investigators have the responsibility to describe the action they are taking in the dedicated IM channel to ensure that there is awareness on the steps being taken for the recovery of everyone involved in the process. This can also be done by someone else assisting in the investigation while the main investigator is busy with the recovery.

### Incident Commander

> The key element for this role is to ensure that the Incident Commander is solely focused on "oiling the machinery" of incident recovery and will not participate in the hands-on resolution. In Fact the main goal for the Incident Commander is to deal with the overall coordination overhead of the incident recovery, with a cool head, while the investigators are focused 100% on performing the recovery. This will allow faster recovery, better communication flows and less errors during the stress of the incident management.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The key element for this role is for the Incident Commander to be solely focused on "oiling the machinery" of incident recovery instead of participating in the hands-on resolution. In fact the main goal for the Incident Commander is to deal with the overall coordination overhead of the incident recovery, with a cool head, while the investigators are focused 100% on performing the recovery. This will allow faster recovery, better communication flows and fewer errors during the stress of the incident management.
```

The Incident Commander can elect someone to be the "scribe" during the incident. The duty of the scribe is to report in the RCA document all the important information (technical details, timeline, ...) while the Incident Commander is focused on helping with the coordination.

#### Responsibilities
The coordination work under the responsibility of the Incident Commander is as follows:
1. If the incident has been uncovered by SRE and doesn't have an existing "external" ticket then the Incident Commander will create a ticket to track the overall life of the incident.
2. Right after the Incident Commander will create a dedicated IM channel:

>   * Making sure that we have a dedicated IM channel opened specifically for the ongoing incident

Reviewer 4: This needs formatting fixes on nested bulletpoint indentation. I'm not going to attempt it with github suggestions, the list is too long.

Author: updated in [59893ff](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/59893ff747a08f3c815e1fdf1f39ba54465f4cd9)

    1. Channel is public
    2. Naming convention for the IM channel should start with the ticket number and the clusterid if available.
       * Examples:
         * #inc1096029-<CLUSTERID>

>          * #OHSS-1234-title

Reviewer 4: Wonder if examples should be generalized–away from how we do stuff in SD.

Author: updated in [513046f](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/513046f1ebfb3e49d76d4148a9b94343276d1563)

    3. The description of the IM channel should record:
      * Incident Commander
      * Incident Tech Lead
      * Bridge link
      * A small description of the issue
    4. Making sure the right people are invited in the IM channel (including customer support if need be)
    5. Making sure that all communications and information flows are recorded in the IM channel (it will help with the Post Mortem Review process and making sure that we have the right timeline)
  3. Using IM, post a message to the relevant channel with:
    * **link to bridge**
    * **link to the dedicated IM channel (see point 2.)**
    * **short description of issue (which cluster, what’s failing)**
  4. Post an incident notification to the customer(s)

>     * NOTE: If the ServiceLog facility is unavailable, work with the Customer Support Lead to open a proactive Support Case. If the incident may affect a large number of clusters / customers, the Customer Support Lead should escalate through their management chain to post a Customer Portal banner announcement.

Reviewer 4: ServiceLog is very OSD–specific.

Reviewer 5: use a generic term e.g. Customer Notifications System?

Author: updated in [513046f](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/513046f1ebfb3e49d76d4148a9b94343276d1563) 
Actually removed most of this section as this is very specific

## After incident recovery
Once our services are recovered and we are back in business then the following steps must happen:

* Incident ticket is updated accordingly by the Incident Owner
* The Customer support lead is in charge of making sure the right level of communication to the customer is sent.
  * It is up to Customer support to decide if proactive communication is sent or not if the customer didn't notice the issue
  * If the incident was solely managed by an SRE team, without the involvement of Customer support then it is up to the Incident Commander to decide if proactive communication is sent or not if the customer didn't notice the issue
* The system is returned to baseline: the Incident Owner Lead is accountable to make it happen
* The Root Cause Analysis (RCA) is done: the Incident Owner is accountable to make it happen
* The Post Mortem Review (PMR) is scheduled and run by the Incident Owner in the next 5 business days
* That the above steps are being performed in a timely manner is verified by the Incident Commander.

Templates for RCA and PMR documents can be found here.

> 
> Folder with drafts is here.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

Questionnaire to be answered during the PMR:
* How can we protect ourselves better from such an incident?
* How can we ensure that the issue does not reoccur?
* How can we recover quicker from such an incident?
* How can we identify the issue quicker?

## Detailed process steps
This section aims at presenting the steps that need to be taken in case of a new incident.

![flow chart](resources/im_flowchart.png)

## Handoff
Some major incidents will span shift handoff between regions. When this happens:

1. Outgoing Incident Commander identifies an incoming Incident Commander
2. Incoming Incident Commander identifies an incoming Incident Tech Lead, and any Supporting SRE engineers
3. Outgoing incident personnel brief by incoming incident personnel at shift handoff. Be sure to include:
  1. Technical status of the issue
  2. List of open and eliminated hypothesis regarding root cause
  3. Time and content of the most recent customer update
  4. Communication channels in play, including: IM channel, tracking doc, conference bridge, and email thread

>   5. Key support personnel / stakeholders outside SRE engaged in the incident

Reviewer 4: Needs formatting fix.

Author: updated in [59893ff](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/59893ff747a08f3c815e1fdf1f39ba54465f4cd9)

### Incident Commander

The key element for this role is to ensure that the Incident Commander is solely focused on "oiling the machinery" of incident recovery and will not participate in the hands-on resolution. In Fact the main goal for the Incident Commander is to deal with the overall coordination overhead of the incident recovery, with a cool head, while the investigators are focused 100% on performing the recovery. This will allow faster recovery, better communication flows and less errors during the stress of the incident management.

The Incident Commander can elect someone to be the "scribe" during the incident. The duty of the scribe is to report in the RCA document all the important information (technical details, timeline, ...) while the Incident Commander is focused on helping with the coordination.

#### Responsibilities
The coordination work under the responsibility of the Incident Commander is as follows:

> 1. If the incident has been uncovered by SRE and doesn't have an existing "external" ticket (Jira or ICM for ARO) then the Incident Commander will create a Jira ticket to track the overall life of the incident.

Reviewer 3: remove ref of Jira/ICM and just mention a "tracking ticket"

Author: updated in [f799548](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/f79954870cd4360b9ede03ca11adbd53bd87232d)

> 2. Right after the Incident Commander will create a dedicated Slack channel:

Reviewer 3: remove ref of Slack and just mention IM channel

Author: updated in [f799548](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/f79954870cd4360b9ede03ca11adbd53bd87232d)

  * Making sure that we have a dedicated IM channel opened specifically for the ongoing incident
    1. Channel is public
    2. Naming convention for the IM channel should start with the ticket number and the clusterid if available.
       * Examples:
         * #inc1096029-<CLUSTERID>
         * #OHSS-1234-title
    3. The description of the IM channel should record:
      * Incident Commander
      * Incident Tech Lead
      * Bridge link
      * A small description of the issue
    4. Making sure the right people are invited in the slack channel (including customer support if need be)
    5. Making sure that all communications and information flows are recorded in the IM channel (it will help with the Post Mortem Review process and making sure that we have the right timeline)
  3. Using IM, post a message to the relevant channel with:
    * **link to bridge**

>     * **link to the dedicated slack channel (see point 2.)**

Reviewer 3: remove ref of Slack and just mention IM channel

Author: updated in [f799548](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/f79954870cd4360b9ede03ca11adbd53bd87232d)

    * **short description of issue (which cluster, what’s failing)**
  4. Post an incident notification to the customer(s)

>     * NOTE: If the ServiceLog facility is unavailable, work with the CEE Lead to open a proactive Support Case. If the incident may affect a large number of clusters / customers, the CEE Lead should escalate through their management chain to post a Customer Portal banner announcement.

Reviewer 3: CEE lead -> Customer support lead

  5. Create right away the RCA document and ensure that it contains the relevant information which would record the high level timeline of events and help during handovers if the incident becomes a long running one.

>   6. Designate the Incident Owner / confirm the First Responder will be that, announce it officially in the different channels, document it in the RCA document and assign the Incident Jira ticket to the Incident Owner.

Reviewer 3: remove ref of Jira/ICM and just mention a "tracking ticket"

Author: updated in [f799548](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/f79954870cd4360b9ede03ca11adbd53bd87232d)

  7. Designate an Incident Technical Lead (on the first shift it will be the Incident Owner but then if the incident spans across multiple shifts this role will be handed over to the next)

>   8. Publicly announce who is Incident Commander (IC) in the dedicated slack channel.

Reviewer 3: remove ref of Slack and just mention IM channel

Author: updated in [f799548](https://github.com/operate-first/sre/pull/17/commits/f79954870cd4360b9ede03ca11adbd53bd87232d)

## After incident recovery
Once our services are recovered and we are back in business then the following steps must happen:

* Incident ticket is updated accordingly by the Incident Owner
* The Customer support lead is in charge of making sure the right level of communication to the customer is sent.
  * It is up to Customer support to decide if proactive communication is sent or not if the customer didn't notice the issue
  * If the incident was solely managed by an SRE team, without the involvement of Customer support then it is up to the Incident Commander to decide if proactive communication is sent or not if the customer didn't notice the issue
* The system is returned to baseline: the Incident Owner Lead is accountable to make it happen
* The Root Cause Analysis (RCA) is done: the Incident Owner is accountable to make it happen
* The Post Mortem Review (PMR) is scheduled and run by the Incident Owner in the next 5 business days
* That the above steps are being performed in a timely manner is verified by the Incident Commander.

> Templates for RCA and PMR documents can be found here.

Reviewer 3: link ?

> Folder with drafts is here.

Reviewer 3: to be removed

## Post Mortem Review
A post mortem review is mandatory after each major incident and should happen in the next 5 business days after recovery of the incident, while the events are still fresh in everybody's mind.

**Very important: the post mortem review is a blameless exercise. Human error is inevitable and our goal is always to find the right process and tooling. Focus on the objective facts of the event and offer constructive input to where we can improve.**

The post mortem meeting should involve all internal parties who were involved in the recovery itself and should be scheduled publicly to allow anyone interested to join and listen in or contribute:
* [mandatory] The incident commander
* [mandatory] The incident technical lead
* [optional] Every SRE team members involved (as much as possible given the timezone constraints)
  * The more brain power we have in the meeting the more likely we are to find the best countermeasures to avoid reoccurrence

> * [optional] The CEE lead

Reviewer 3: Customer Support lead

The incident technical lead is the owner of the post mortem review meeting and is making sure that it contains the following:
* Executive summary with customer impact, severity, …
* Root Cause Analysis
* Timeline of events
* List of action items and countermeasures with
  * Owner
  * Criticality
  * Target date for delivery

All action items and countermeasures should aim at (as much as possible):

* Avoid recurrence
* Fix root cause
* Improve monitoring and alerting by following best practices
  * do not alert on edge cases, alert should be based on symptoms not root causes
* Increase resiliency (being mindful of cost)
* Increase automated recovery (if it makes sense)
* Decrease MTTR in case of recurrence (documentation for instance, …)

> * **Each action item must be tracked by a corresponding Jira card in the SRE's backlog so that its implementation can be prioritized and tracked by the SRE leads**

Reviewer 3: s/Jira/tracking ticket

Questionnaire to be answered during the PMR:
* How can we protect ourselves better from such an incident?
* How can we ensure that the issue does not reoccur?
* How can we recover quicker from such an incident?
* How can we identify the issue quicker?

> Useful resources:

Reviewer 3: section to be removed

* A template to be used to document the PMR can be found here.
* Guidelines on RCA writing can be found here.
* How to run effective Post Mortem: recording, slides
* Pager Duty PMR resources

## Detailed process steps
This section aims at presenting the steps that need to be taken in case of a new incident.

![flow chart](resources/im_flowchart.png)

## Handoff
Some major incidents will span shift handoff between regions. When this happens:

1. Outgoing Incident Commander identifies an incoming Incident Commander
2. Incoming Incident Commander identifies an incoming Incident Tech Lead, and any Supporting SRE engineers
3. Outgoing incident personnel brief by incoming incident personnel at shift handoff. Be sure to include:
  1. Technical status of the issue
  2. List of open and eliminated hypothesis regarding root cause
  3. Time and content of the most recent customer update
  4. Communication channels in play, including: slack channel, tracking doc, conference bridge, and email thread

>   5. Key support personnel / stakeholders outside SRE-P engaged in the incident, such as CEE TSE, TAM, Account Team, Red Hat executives, or other SRE teams (when troubleshooting hosted tenants or layered products)

Reviewer 3: s/SRE-P/SRE
sentence is too Red Hat specific, should be rephrased to be more generic
